enh(release): Prepare Centreon MAP 21.10.3 RN (#1345)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-21.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 21.10.3

Release date: `March 1, 2022`

### Security fixes

- Log4J version updated to 2.17.1

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed links not coloring according to status and outpout not functionnal when metric name contains special character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed links not coloring according to status and output not functional when metric name contains special character
```
